__NOTOC____NOEDITSECTION__
Results for this CorrectBot run of [[Test/fr]]: <b>5 corrections, 1 suggestions, 4 warnings</b> (for older reports see [[Special:PageHistory/CorrectBot:Test/fr|report history]])

== Corrections ==
5 corrections:
* Erase redundant spaces before commas and dots (2x)
* Ensure we have non-breaking spaces before : ; ! ? (3x)

<i>You can also look at the [[Special:PageHistory/Test/fr|version history of Test/fr]] and compare revisions.</i>
=== [https://www.4training.net/mediawiki/index.php?title=Translations:Test/1/fr&action=edit Translations:Test/1/fr] ===
{{StringDiff|Mais moi , je vous dis: Si|Mais moi, je vous dis : Si}}
=== [https://www.4training.net/mediawiki/index.php?title=Translations:Test/2/fr&action=edit Translations:Test/2/fr] ===
{{StringDiff|Si quelqu’un dit à son frère: Imbécile!|Si quelqu’un dit à son frère : Imbécile !}}
=== [https://www.4training.net/mediawiki/index.php?title=Translations:Test/3/fr&action=edit Translations:Test/3/fr] ===
{{StringDiff|Comment prier?<br/>Comment jeûner?|Comment prier ?<br/>Comment jeûner ?}}
=== [https://www.4training.net/mediawiki/index.php?title=Translations:Test/4/fr&action=edit Translations:Test/4/fr] ===
{{StringDiff|Ne jugez pas les autres,et Dieu ne vous jugera pas . En effet ,Dieu|Ne jugez pas les autres,et Dieu ne vous jugera pas. En effet,Dieu}}

== Suggestions ==
1 suggestions:
* Insert missing spaces between punctuation and characters (1x)

<i>Look at the following suggestions. If you find good ones, please correct them manually in [https://www.4training.net/mediawiki/index.php?title=Special:Translate&group=page-Test&action=page&filter=&language=fr the translation view]</i>
=== [https://www.4training.net/mediawiki/index.php?title=Translations:Test/4/fr&action=edit Translations:Test/4/fr] ===
{{StringDiff|Ne jugez pas les autres,et Dieu ne vous jugera pas. En effet,Dieu|Ne jugez pas les autres, et Dieu ne vous jugera pas. En effet, Dieu}}

== Warnings ==
=== [https://www.4training.net/mediawiki/index.php?title=Translations:Test/warnings1/fr&action=edit Translations:Test/warnings1/fr] ===
<b><pre><nowiki>Formatting issues in Translations:Test/warnings1/fr. Please check that all special characters like * = # ; : <b> <i> are correct.
Found at least one special quotation mark (one of „“”). Please correct manually.</nowiki></pre></b>
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Original
! Translation
|- style="vertical-align:top"
|
;Forgiving myself
:Sometimes we’re angry at ourselves or blame ourselves for something. God offers a way to forgive us and
cleanse us through Jesus Christ. Forgiving myself means taking His offer and applying it to myself.
;“Forgiving” God
:Sometimes we have negative thoughts about God or are even mad at Him. God doesn’t make mistakes,
so in that sense we can’t forgive Him. But it is important that we let go of our frustrations and
negative feelings towards Him.
|
;Mir selbst vergeben
:Es kann sein, dass wir wütend auf uns selbst sind und uns etwas vorwerfen.
Gott bietet uns einen Weg an, wie er uns durch Jesus Christus vergeben und reinigen möchte.
Mir selbst vergeben bedeutet, sein Angebot anzunehmen und es auf mich anzuwenden.
Gott „vergeben“
:Manchmal haben wir negative Gedanken über Gott oder sind zornig auf ihn.
Gott macht keine Fehler und in dem Sinn können wir ihm nicht vergeben. Aber es ist wichtig,
dass wir Enttäuschungen über ihn loslassen und uns von allen negativen Gefühlen ihm gegenüber trennen.
|}
=== [https://www.4training.net/mediawiki/index.php?title=Translations:Test/warnings2/fr&action=edit Translations:Test/warnings2/fr] ===
<b><pre><nowiki>Found at least one special quotation mark (one of „“”). Please correct manually.
Found uneven amount of quotation marks (")! Please correct manually.</nowiki></pre></b>
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Original
! Translation
|- style="vertical-align:top"
|
this is a "quote"
|
Ceci est une „citation"
|}
